doc: run project (#12)
zolplay-cn/website: README.md

- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)

## Set up local environment

copy `.env.example` -> `.env`

```env

> NEXT_PUBLIC_OG_URL=https://zolplay.com/api/og

Reviewer: This should be 
```suggestion
NEXT_PUBLIC_OG_URL=https://YOUR-DOMAIN.com/api/og
```

Reviewer: 主要就是作为 guide 的话，需要用自己部署的域名而不要直接用佐玩的。这个就是给 open graph 图片生成用的

Author: 嗯嗯，我猜想的差不多

> NEXT_PUBLIC_OG_URL=https://YOUR-DOMAIN.com/api/og

Reviewer: On second thought, this should be 
```suggestion
NEXT_PUBLIC_OG_URL=http://localhost:3000/api/og
```
Since we're writing in the local setup section here.

```

> ### Set up sanity environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up Sanity environment variables
```

> Go to https://www.sanity.io/get-started/create-project and create a project, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to https://www.sanity.io/get-started/create-project and create a project, for example:
```

> ![alt text](./create-project.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of a page for creating a Sanity project](./.github/guide-01-create-project.png)
```
Can you move the files into the `.github` directory?

> You can then go into the project and get sanity's two environment variables and add them to `.env`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then visit the project details page and get Sanity's project ID and dataset name and add them to the `.env` file.

```

> ![alt text](./sanity.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Annotated screenshot of how to find Sanity's project ID and dataset](./.github/sanity-guide-02.png)
```

> Finally run these commands to run the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, run these commands to start the project:
```
